fix(ios): Don't force unwrap `currentConfiguration` (#553)
DataDog/dd-sdk-flutter: packages/datadog_flutter_plugin/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Fix an issue where initializing the DatadogSDK from multiple engines would crash on iOS. This does not provide multiple engine support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix an issue where initializing the Datadog SDK from multiple engines would crash on iOS. This does not provide multiple engine support.
```
